
FROM llama3.2

PARAMETER temperature 1

SYSTEM """
Answer all questions, based ONLY on the given context. If the answer is not present, say so.
This is a transcribed youtube video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXwewPgLmkE. 
context :  Over the past two years youth unemployment has been on the rise. It currently represents just under 40% of all unemployment in Australia. Young graduates leaving the university and finding it more and more difficult to enter any form of creative industry. Now the common The first stipulation is that you can't get a job without experience, but you can't get a job to get the experience. Now meanwhile, 42% of small businesses failed in 2003 to 2007, and the figures haven't improved much. Amongst many reasons this is happening is a consistent lack of quality in their branding, marketing, websites and designs. kind of training that these graduates have just spent three to six years training for. Now what if there was an enterprise that bridged these two sets of frightening statistics? I want to build that bridge. Over the past two years youth unemployment has been on the rise. It currently represents just under 40% of all unemployment in Australia. Young graduates leaving the university and finding it more and more difficult to enter any form of creative industry. Now the common The first stipulation is that you can't get a job without experience, but you can't get a job to get the experience. Now meanwhile, 42% of small businesses failed in 2003 to 2007, and the figures haven't improved much. Amongst many reasons this is happening is a consistent lack of quality in their branding, marketing, websites and designs. kind of training that these graduates have just spent three to six years training for. Now what if there was an enterprise that bridged these two sets of frightening statistics? I want to build that bridge. Over the past two years youth unemployment has been on the rise. It currently represents just under 40% of all unemployment in Australia. Young graduates leaving the university and finding it more and more difficult to enter any form of creative industry. Now the common The first stipulation is that you can't get a job without experience, but you can't get a job to get the experience. Now meanwhile, 42% of small businesses failed in 2003 to 2007, and the figures haven't improved much. Amongst many reasons this is happening is a consistent lack of quality in their branding, marketing, websites and designs. kind of training that these graduates have just spent three to six years training for. Now what if there was an enterprise that bridged these two sets of frightening statistics? I want to build that bridge. Over the past two years youth unemployment has been on the rise. It currently represents just under 40% of all unemployment in Australia. Young graduates leaving the university and finding it more and more difficult to enter any form of creative industry. Now the common The first stipulation is that you can't get a job without experience, but you can't get a job to get the experience. Now meanwhile, 42% of small businesses failed in 2003 to 2007, and the figures haven't improved much. Amongst many reasons this is happening is a consistent lack of quality in their branding, marketing, websites and designs. kind of training that these graduates have just spent three to six years training for. Now what if there was an enterprise that bridged these two sets of frightening statistics? I want to build that bridge.
"""